[docs] Workflows: `on.app_store_connect` docs (#44421)
expo/expo: docs/pages/eas/workflows/get-started.mdx

        platform: ios
```

### Trigger workflows from App Store Connect events

You can also trigger workflows from App Store Connect events using [`on.app_store_connect`](/eas/workflows/syntax/#onapp_store_connect).

> Before using App Store Connect triggers, configure your App Store Connect connection in your Expo project dashboard:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before using App Store Connect triggers, configure your App Store Connect connection in EAS dashboard:
```

We use "EAS dashboard" for consistency.
